9:00 am in Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon May with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today, stocks across the
Asia Pacific bouncing and that's after
President Trump backs down on his Europe
tariff threats touting this [music]
framework of a deal on Greenland. But
he's warning Europe to give up control
of the [music] territory or face
consequences. South Korea's equity
benchmark crosses the 5,000 [music]
target that's set by President Lee as AI
demand powers the tech [music] heavy
markets.
>> AIdriven gains also boosting Chinese
shares with Beijing's push for tech
[music] self-reliance outweighing
geopolitical worries.
>> Plus, more big interviews coming up from
Davos, [music] including White House
economic adviser Kevin Hasset and the
CEOs of BHP, Mazuo Financial, [music]
and the Hong Kong Exchange.
>> [music]
[music]
>> It is indeed a good morning. You give
markets an inch, they'll take more. this
window of opportunity that's opened up
and we'll talk really more about the
tone uh coming through out of the US
president overnight that has allowed
markets and risk asset generally
speaking to rebound and a lot of this
also has to do with the fact that some
of the favorites even before the speech
began are leading the rally and you are
also getting some earnings coming
through along those themes to to to
boost things right so you have disco is
a good example of that intersection
between AI and uh some fundamental
stories there the Cosby index we talked
about this was above 5,000 as you can
see we're slightly below that threshold
as we speak that is just to say of
course we've been hitting milestone
after milestone on that we'll have more
out of soul uh in a moment uh what's
happening across this across assets is
because we are getting um risk assets
pulling up today the likes of gold which
are still trading fairly elevated on
your screens are seeing some somewhat of
a pullback today separately though gas
futures given the weather out there
whether that's you're looking at a
contract track in the US or that's with
this massive spurt in prices over in
Europe. Want to watch as we go into the
thick of Thursday the currency markets
are one where it is a dollar bounce that
is extending despite the the gauge
itself uh bottom of the screens there.
Uh so from this time yesterday we are
trading at slightly higher levels which
takes us into really the Aussie dollar
which uh well we had the jobs numbers I
believe and we also have of course that
trading at the highest uh so far this
year. It takes us into the fix today
which has been on the weaker side of
seven and the difference between this
fix and spot has actually been uh
widening. It's now the widest since
2023. So we'll look at that and of
course the seven-year auction yesterday
actually drew record demand. Uh that's
why we're also looking at the CGB space.
We are poised to see an equity market
rally here today uh in the greater
Chinese market.
>> Yeah, interesting that Chinese bonds
have kind of turned into that haven
amidst all that volatility you're seeing
in global bond markets, JGBs and the
like. So that certainly is interesting
what we're seeing uh when it comes to
CGBs. Uh but let's talk about the Cosby,
right? It's instantly become our top
story here this morning in focus after
of course the benchmark topped the 5,000
mark. Let's get to Yoyun Lee, our Asia
equities reporter. She's with us here
right now. Uh obviously this has been a
a political milestone for the president
as well, but walk us through what are
the analysts saying? Is there more
upside from here?
Yeah. So, yeah, this is definitely a
very significant political milestone for
President EJ who's been campaigning on
his election pledge that uh he will help
Cosby put uh Cosby reach 5,000 if he's
elected. And now he see it seems like he
has delivered. And when I spoke to
market participant this morning, a lot
of them said actually the Cosby 5,000
level is not exactly expensive and there
was many bullish views that Cosby would
actually reach above 5,000 even to
6,000. Uh we just spoke to the create
exchange CEO uh forecasting Cosby can go
to 6,000. There were another uh
portfolio manager that Cosby with this
tail wins from the artificial
intelligence memory price uh hikes.
Cosby will definitely get to the 6,000
level in just like about two months. Uh
there's a I think there's this is a
consensus that the Cosby 5000 level
isn't exactly an expensive level. If you
look at the price to earnings ratio of
the emerging markets, Cosby is still
below that average emerging markets uh
price to earnings ratio of 1.6. So um it
it's I think it's a little bit of it
could be a little bit of stretch to say
that the current level um is expensive.
So that I I think that's definitely the
consensus view in the market that Cosby
has more to go.
>> Yeah, that that's a good point. People
seem to forget it wasn't too long ago,
you know, you had this Korea discount,
right? And we're just moving out of that
normalizing things. If that's not the
risk, uh we had a softer GDP print this
morning. Could that be one? If if that's
not the risk, what is the risk of this
rally you feel?
>> Yeah. Um so the Cosby Py being cheap
doesn't mean there's uh it's without any
risk. Um one of the risk that uh
investors point out is that the limited
buyer pool um interestingly a lot of
investor have been sitting out on this
Cosby rally including the retail
investors and foreign buying has been
really uh hasn't been really strong.
It's mainly local institutional investor
that have been um pulling Cosby up to
this level. So the limited buyer pool is
something something that uh could be a
potential risk uh to uh to uh to the
market and another is this uh this
market breath has been pretty narrow to
Cosby. Uh if you look at the Cosby the
two chip makers and maybe Hyundai Motor
have been mainly heavy lifting the gains
in the Cosby's rally uh accounting for
more than half of this rally this year.
So the the very narrow market growth uh
market breath and the limited uh upside
limited gains in the smaller and mid
midsize cap has been definitely a
concern. Having said that some of the
investors still see uh bright spots in
this limited buyer pool because that
means that if there's more reactions
from the investor that previously have
not participated that could mean further
upside to the market. And we've seen
this morning that retail investor have
been piling in this morning and um
pushing the costby above 5,000 level
earlier.
>> Fantastic. Our equities reporter Yukimi
there in Seoul for us. That's really
part and parcel of the big stories
today. The AI rally that's taking place
not just there. We look at Taiwan
opening up. There's a separate story
here in uh in Hong Kong and up in
mainland China and of course separately
disco in Japan is dancing to the upside
if you get.
>> But yes,
>> it's a party.
>> It's a party, isn't it? uh what else is
on your mind?
>> I mean it's it's it's interesting how
quickly has I mean I think there's a bit
of that whole taco trade that's been
playing [clears throat] out here just
given the greenland headlines, right?
The fact that they the EU and and the US
have avoided even the possibility of
tariffs and they're talking about some
sort of framework deal that was enough
to kind of send a bit of reversal and
snap out of three days of losses. So
that certainly is one thing to watch
here on what sort of deal was actually
agreed upon. What framework are we
talking about when it comes to
Greenland? Yeah, it doesn't seem like we
are long on the details in that one. Uh
we were long on topics around the
speech. Uh but separately, right, it
still highlights the divisions between
Europe and you know some of the gaps
that they need to plug to get somewhere,
right? Because separately uh we'll talk
about this later. Madame Lagard um uh uh
>> snuck out
>> snuck out of this this this this
dinner and yeah, we we'll try to
understand the context of uh why that
was the case. But yes uh here you go
with this productive meeting that US
president talked about here uh that in
some ways means no tariffs but a
framework is perhaps more important
separately just to mention the fix is
going to be out in about 8 minutes. I'm
watching that closely because we have so
far been above seven and what's happened
was because of the strength in the
currency the fix and the currency itself
are not widest spot on shore since 2023.
So something to watch I guess.
>> Yep. Uh let's hear more from what we
heard from President Trump, right? He
had a lot to say in Davos about the deal
on Greenland and why he wants the US
control of the island.
>> It looks like we have the concept of a
deal. Gets everything we wanted,
including especially real national
security. Well, the deal is going to be
put out pretty soon. I mean, we'll see.
It's uh it's right now a little bit in
progress, but pretty far along. It gets
us everything we needed to get. It's the
ultimate long-term deal and I [music]
think it it puts everybody in a really
good position, especially as it pertains
to security and minerals and everything
else. We probably won't get anything
unless I decide to use excessive
strength and force where we would be
frankly unstoppable.
But I won't do that.
Okay, now everyone's saying, "Oh, good."
That's probably the biggest statement I
made because people thought I would use
force. I don't have to use force. I
don't want to use force. I won't use
force.
>> I want Greenland for security. I don't
want it for anything else. We have so
much rare earth. We don't know what to
do with it. Uh we don't need it for
anything else. And in terms of
Greenland, you know, you have to go 25
ft down through ice to get it. It's not
it's not something that a lot of people
are going to do or want to do. No, this
is security we're talking about.
You can say yes and we will be very
appreciative. Or you can say no and we
will remember.
A strong and secure America means a
strong NATO.
>> Rosalyn Mat, our chief Asia
correspondent, is joining us right now
to just help us cut through some of the
I guess in some ways inconsistencies
there. But uh there was a message Ross
that markets took from this and it's it
was one where we're certainly in a much
better position now from you know a
tariffs perspective uh than we were 24
hours ago. What do we know about this
framework?
>> Well, that's right. So markets are
looking at this in a in a positive
fashion, but this announcement is very
much reminiscent of the way that Donald
Trump looks at trade. So we get
announcement there's going to be some
kind of broad framework understanding
very light on the details. So there's
very little that we know. He says this
is a framework towards the concept of a
deal. Um but he wasn't going to share
what that might look like. But what we
do know is he's taken the threat of
tariffs off the table. He's taken the
threat for now at least of military
action against uh Greenland off the
table. So what might be left? will
probably bulking up US security forces
on Greenland. Uh bigger bases, more land
potentially that is territorially
considered the US or under US control at
least in Greenland. So a bigger military
presence despite what he was saying
about what he calls rare earths in in
Greenland. They're really critical
minerals. You know, that's probably part
of a deal is some understanding around
access to the critical minerals that are
in Greenland. So, an economic element to
this, a security element to this, but
like the idea of buying Greenland at
least seems to be fading at least for
now. But very light on the detail. Um,
and we'll have to see what emerges in in
the coming weeks and really what kind of
conversations are going to happen
because it doesn't sound necessarily as
though he's been talking directly with
Denmark about this deal. So, there's a
lot that still in in the land of Donald
Trump unknown.
And Roz, it sounds like at least that
the temperature has been brought down in
Davos.
>> But then again, you know, you hear
reports of, you know, Matt Lagar from
the ECB walking out during Howard Lutnik
speech. And what does it tell you about
where transatlantic relations stand at
the moment?
>> We had Donald Trump saying just now,
like, for example, if you say no to us,
we'll remember. Well, Europe is going to
remember what's been happening over the
past year in the second term of the
Trump presidency. So, they started out
thinking, well, let's just flatter him a
lot. Let's try not to anger him and see
if that gets us through. Um, they've
started to get stronger on trade. And
now a real moment of confrontation in a
way for Europe and all its leaders is to
say, well, fundamentally, is the US a
reliable partner, a country we can trust
within NATO, on trade, defense, you name
it. And a real awakening in a way
perhaps for Europe that they have to
accept as a different world that they're
coming into. and the relationship with
the US is fundamentally changing. Yes,
the the threat of tariffs over Greenland
has been dissipated at least for now,
but there are a lot of other things that
are problematic in the transatlantic
relationship and a lot that's going on
around trade. Again, the trade deals in
the freezer really from the US from the
European perspective, at least for now.
They're not going to rush to ratify the
trade deal. There's still the threat of
tariffs on the French over French wine
for Emanuel Macron's refusal to jump to
join Trump's board of peace, for
example. So, there is a fundamental
shift in the relationship that's going
on. They'll be relieved that they've
dodged a bullet, at least for now on
these tariffs, but underneath, as you
were saying, at Davos, the mood is still
pretty grim.
>> Rosalyn, thank you. Rosen Mat there, our
chief Asia correspondent there on the
latest when it comes to Greenland. And
of course, subscribers can also turn to
your terminal for more from Davos T Live
Go is your function for the latest
updates, plus commentary and analysis
from our team of expert editors.
>> Yep. Uh just ahead here, we're talking
about these Chinese markets. So Goldman
Sachs at the start of the year had a 20%
[music]
target in terms of price returns on one
specific Chinese benchmark. [music]
We'll have more of course of them
unpacking that call uh coming through
this slower bull market uh with Sufu.
Coming up next, counting down to the
open of trade including we should be
getting the fix as well any time now.
Shanghai Shenzhen and here in Hong Kong
you're watching the China show. Good
morning.
[music]
Good morning. Welcome back. After
watching the China show, the midpoint of
the day is just out and it's once again
above on the weaker side of seven. In
fact, it was weaker compared to this
time yesterday ever so slightly. But
yes, it's a similar signal. The market's
taken this as a signal coming through of
perhaps authorities leaning against the
weakness against the strength rather of
the currency. More on this of course
later on. Separately, of course, what
we're seeing is a rally in tech both
sides of the Pacific. you had some tech
gainers in the US coming up on your
screens. It's really this onshoring
uh conversation that's taking place. So
you have uh Intel for example that's
year to date 50% separately. Same story
but perhaps down to somewhat separate
drivers here. The onshoring and the sort
of uh upgrading the AI infrastructure in
China is also still played out of course
year to date substantial. You wouldn't
think looking at this we are barely
through January but yes here we are
looking at this dual tech rally. Yeah,
because you take a look at what happened
even just recently, right? The the
pullback that you're seeing across
global stocks given the Greenland issue,
Chinese stocks, at least the small caps
continue to actually outperform in a way
that, you know, it it might be going
beyond just the fact that it's a safe
haven, right? This whole
self-sufficiency theme, you're
definitely seeing that play out not just
in the US, but also China as well.
>> I think we're breaking out, right, on
some of the smaller benchmarks there.
Um, I think we have uh the China Ext the
Star 50 I think is a good example.
something we're tracking of course going
into going into today. Okay, a couple of
other things we're tracking uh the
agenda. Oh, here we go. Thank you so
much. We're eyeing this breakout uh more
than a bad case of acne uh in this case.
Okay. Um so we talked about the CNY fix
that's already out. Lithium is in focus
today after what's really been a uh
crazy rally and of course they've had to
halt trading I believe and we'll I think
we'll talk more about this later. Uh
PopMart more threads along the same
lines was out with earnings. A narrower
loss is what we're expecting. PopMart
also delivered another day of a buyback.
And of course, we talked about this
already. Onshore and hardware, that
rally is is still certainly something to
consider going into today. Very big move
yesterday on the CSI 300. IT index up
about 3%.
>> Yep. There's also a listing debut here.
Long cheer tech as well here today to
watch out for as well. But yes, it's
interesting. in Goldman Sachs. Uh really
kicking off the year still on very
positive note here with a target of 100
for Msei China for this year with
earnings supported by AI and policy
measures. Let's bring in their China
portfolio strategist Sufu. She joins us
here. Happy new year.
>> Happy new year.
>> Um things things have really kicked off
in a very positive way uh in China. What
do you think is going to be I mean tech
certainly we talked about the hardware
side of things remains to be a key
driver of all that. How are you viewing
the rest of the IT space here right now
for for the rest of the year?
>> Yeah, if we look at it basically the AI
related supply chain along the whole
industry, we see great demand in from
the downstream to the upper stream. So a
lot of companies are guiding double
digit revenue growth with capacity
expansion. They are hiring new people.
Actually I joined a tour held by our te
tech analyst and visit close to 20
companies on shore in Beijing in
Shanghai. Uh actually the companies are
getting quite a positive like a demand.
Uh so some companies are hiring new
people building new factories
>> all because of the AI related demand. So
that's why we upgrade our tech hardware
sector view from market weight to
overweight mainly because AI is still
driving the growth in the related
sectors.
>> Is that the best way to
uh ride the AI wave in China? Now is it
hardware because last year some of the
other ways were materials or the
platform companies? Is it this is more
the pure play now in your view?
uh techware definitely we have higher
visibility because the kipex has been
spent by the downstream sectors and as
well as government.
>> Okay.
>> So basically for the hardware companies
like the equipment ones uh the chip ones
>> they've already seen the order. So
that's why they expanded their capacity.
So on that part definitely we are
expecting some revenue growth within
2026 or 27. For the downstream, the key
question is the monetization. We have
already seen a lot of company adopting
different apps where using different
models to launch into their like daily
work. Uh but whether it can be
monetized, whether they can transfer
into revenue is still a question mark.
So that's why a lot of people focus more
on the upper stream. But finally, we
think the downstream will also benefit
from the productivity improvement.
that there's the hardware side, the AI
supply chain and then there's the other
side of the tech story where you are
seeing the likes of PDD uh trip you know
where there's more regulatory scrutiny
around pricing strategies
>> and really you're seeing regulators
tackle the whole domestic competition
issue. Do you think that's a positive
thing for these stocks?
uh I think it's from different angles
from for competition definitely the
anti-evolution efforts is positive to
the company especially on their margins
uh basically the regulators guide them
to stop competing on price so that means
uh in terms of margin it's helpful for
these companies but on the other hand
where do we see they do not want them to
use the pricing advantage to really hurt
the customers so on that front so Far I
think the concern is more company
specific. I don't think investors are
too concerned about the whole sector.
Overall, our policy score suggesting
that the policy on private economy is
still encouraging. So, uh we are not too
concerned about the regulatory
tightening, but it's more like specific
company risk there.
>> Okay. Yeah, that's the Goldman Sachs POE
regulation proxy if I'm not mistaken.
Okay. We'll have more uh from Sefue in a
moment. She'll be rejoining us at about
the open today. I'm out of Goldman
Sachs. Hanging index A50 futures of
course that record demand coming through
in the seven-year auction yesterday.
Something to consider. Still in the
weaker side as far as weaker side of
seven as far as the fix [music] is
concerned. Plenty more ahead. This is
the China show.
[music]
Right. Welcome back. Hanging index in
the early goings. Yeah, it's looking
like the Hong Kong is going to join this
bounce we're seeing across the region
tech specifically 9/10en of 1% of Hen
tech and we are slightly stronger from
the cut off that is on on the Chinese
currency. Uh a couple of stocks we're
tracking today. One was something we
were already watching yesterday in fact
uh PopMart given the the buyback there
that we now know that they again did on
on Wednesday here.
>> Yep. That's another one to watch as
well. uh seeing a little slightly pop of
the shares to the upside here. Uh CSS,
they're uh seeking a 1 $2.3 billion Hong
Kong dollar convertible bonds. Uh and
also New World, there's been reports
that they've said to seek an asset sale
by June. Chowo Taiuk also third quarter
retail sales actually look pretty good.
We're up about close to 18%. Um on the
flip side though, we're watching listing
debut here in Hong Kong. This is
Shanghai Longer Technology. This is a
telco uh based of course in Shanghai.
It's going to debut here uh after what
a$ 1.6 billion Hong Kong dollar IPO. Uh
prices are sh priced at around $31
there. So there you go. You're seeing
[music]
13% upside in the pre-market here. Bring
you those live pictures from the Hong
Kong Exchange. coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
>> [music]
>> All right, another day, another gong
banging, [music] I guess you could say.
They Hong Kong Exchange. We're talking
about Shanghai Long Cheer. So, cheers
for them. Yeah,
>> you can go long on your cheers today for
the company. This is of course one of
China's telco firms that have listed in
the past year as well. Interesting
enough,
>> out of the three that actually have
IPOed over the last year, two are now
still trading above their IPO price. And
the average offer, the first open of
those IPOs is about 15%. [music] So, um,
certainly there is maybe some interest
of course in the hotel sector. So, there
you go. That's one thing to watch here
today. Along with [music] that, of
course, you have this sort of backtrack
from President Trump when it comes to
Greenland. I think that was enough to
send a tailwind across risk assets and
equities here today. So, that should be
good for overall greater China.
>> Yeah, we we have a framework. Uh not a
lot of details to share at the moment,
that was enough to point. Uh what would
surprise me though with the ceremony
that's taking place, if Bonnie Chan was
actually there because we know where she
is.
>> She probably couldn't make this one.
Yeah, it's a far away trip from Dallas.
>> Yes. Well, we'll [laughter] see how how
quick that plane if any. But yes, she is
well she was in Davo. She did an
interview with it. We'll we'll play that
out later on because she talked about
specifically that she is still very
confident in terms of the pipeline.
Goldman Sachs will be rejoining us in a
couple of minutes. They are also quite
optimistic around the IPO popline. In
fact, they have a very big number to
tell you about uh in about a moment. But
yes, uh three cheers for
>> long cheers. There we go.
>> Yeah, if you're going long on cheers, um
that should that should be everyone's
life motto, right? Uh love the name.
There you go. 13% pop there when it
comes to the telco company here today.
The rest of the market is doing this
year and there you go up arrow story
when it comes to onshore and really you
look at the the main benchmarks but
really where we've seen this rally is
the star 50 is the China which we'll
continue to track here the small caps
continue to have kind of the
outperformance there and you're seeing
basically a sea of green across
commodities bonds as well as uh stocks
and large caps here this morning as
well. Uh, keep in mind we talked about
that seven-year bond auction that came
out yesterday out of China. Record
demand, right? So, there still is, I
guess, a bit of demand and and interest
in the course bond market. Could that be
sort of a safe haven uh alternative sort
of play there given the volatility we've
seen with GGBs, the Treasury markets and
the like. So, there you go. There's
that. We'll talk about lithium in just a
bit here, but yes, there was quite a bit
of volatility. We're kind of upper uh we
are up a limit up yesterday on some of
the futures. It looks like regulars have
stepped in to kind of widen a bit the
trading range of lithium futures just
given the volatility as well. So that's
one thing to watch there today. In terms
of what the Hong Kong picture is looking
like, obviously we talked about, you
know, the pipeline of IPOs and the like
with Bonnie Chan. HStech is up 8/10 of
1%. No surprises really just given what
you're seeing when it comes to the IT
sort of what you're seeing in terms of
the AI plays here this morning. uh they
seem to be the key beneficiaries of
course of this kind of the the
geopolitical tensions that are easing uh
over Greenland and the US and the EU. Uh
so we've basically in some ways avoided
the the whole tariff discussions and now
they're talking about a framework deal.
So that's good enough to see Alibaba up
one and a half% B is up three and a
half% here today. So certainly there
that was interesting too. Alibaba
partnering with uh the nuclear companies
here last thing that news certainly said
the stock also uh shooting higher
yesterday here on still is yeah still is
we're at one and a half% to the upside.
So it's all part of how to power the
whole AI story uh these partnerships
that you're seeing with Meta and the
like. Alibaba is following suit here. Uh
the the fix today was quite interesting.
I mean, it's still holding around seven,
but as Dave mentioned, you're seeing a
widening gap between the spot price and
really where these fixings are. Perhaps
that could be a pattern to come
according to Mark Cranfield from our MI
blog here this morning as well. Let's
take a look at how the IT hardware sty
looking like this is really where we're
seeing continuous gains here, right?
>> Goodness
for long sun technology, montage tech
alike. [snorts] Um so once again you are
seeing a preference for the ashare
market and some of these very homegrown
names in this whole selfsufficiency
theme. You talk to analysts they say
this this goes beyond just you know bet
you know optimism around the hike in
memory chip prices right there might be
some sort of homegrown advantage
self-sufficiency theme that's playing
out here. You're not just seeing it in
China right we talked about in the US as
well what we're going to hear later on
could be quite telling for the US side
of things as well precious metals. So
obviously just given you know the
geopolitics and the tensions there are
simmering potentially that means coming
off when it comes to gold prices then
there you are. It's just a slight coming
off right when it comes to gold.
>> Um we're going to talk to Chung Lelay
here coming up from LGT. She says look
>> there's still reasons for this gold
rally to continue. Um and she'll talk
about what's really kind of keeping it.
Part of it they say is the lack the
scarcity of uncorrelated assets. That
could be reasons why we're seeing a
structural buy around gold here right
now. But then again today some of the
miners are selling off.
>> You know what's also scarce and
uncorrelated? My dirty socks. That's
uncorrelated to anything. Yeah. Like but
but just using that and extrapolating it
to everything else. My sock should be
much much wor. But I guess like it's
it's a it's not that that's down to the
preference of other people. But I can
guarantee you the price of my dirty
socks has nothing to do with anything
that's going on.
>> No.
>> Globally. So why you brought up? We'll
get into the nuance really of the
broader call on it's not a search for
everything uncorrelated I guess is is
the point. Um the we've been stuck in a
range since October on the hanging index
and to the point Ivonne was making right
it's the other benchmarks that are
hitting or about to hit new highs on the
small caps index and some of the ones on
shore. Uh let's talk about uh southbound
flows and use that as a starting off
point for our second segment with Sefue.
She's still here with us China portfolio
strategist at Goldman. I saw you
grinning when you looked at the IT
hardware
>> rally taking place. We talked about it
already. Um but so where does it leave
Hong Kong which I think when you look at
Hangen index we're stuck in the range.
Hangen China, Hen Tech haven't even
tested the the October high. So what
happens? What's the outlook?
>> Yeah. Uh definitely we are also
optimistic about uh Hong Kong's
performance. Southbound has been one of
the largest inflows to the market. Last
year we had 180 billion US dollar which
was a record high. In 2024 we have 100.
So it's almost doubled. In 2026 we focus
200 billion.
>> It's going to be even stronger because
for domestically the insurance companies
are encouraged to raise their equity
allocation. That's what we estimate that
around one trillion uh R&B was allocated
both in the offshore and offshore
market. But they are flexible in terms
of trading A shares or H shares. Last
year we saw strong inflows to high
dividend yield stocks in Hong Kong. Also
some internet stocks which benefit from
this part of buying. Uh but besides
that, we also think the new IPOs will
encourage more comp investors who come
to Hong Kong because of the new
opportunities especially around the tech
supply chain and also more growth
opportunities in Hong Kong will
definitely attract both southbound as
well as global investors. If we look at
the IPO participation, some global
pension funds, L only funds are also
participating. we see 1/4 of the IPO
capital rates was subscribed by the
foreign cornerstone investors. It is
much higher than previous years. So a
lot of long only investor who haven't
invested in China over the past two to
three years some of them are coming
back.
>> What do you make of what we're seeing in
the small caps then? I mean, is that
taking some of the attention away from
Hong Kong in some ways given some of
these IT names where we talked about,
right, they're they're not familiar
names,
>> but they're getting a lot of attention
now because of the the crazy moves that
we've been seeing there.
>> I think we have different pools of
capital. Domestically, we have the
retail investors as well. Uh we we also
see a huge potential there. Our
estimation is we think domestic
investors could allocate like three
trillion R&B into equity market annually
based on historic core record. If you
look at how many new accounts were
opened every year and how much money
like they raise through the margin
trading we estimate it's already around
two trillion even in a normal year on
average. If sentiment is picking up
definitely there's huger potential
coming from the domestic like deposit.
It's around 200 trillion R&B in deposit
in wealth management products. Ch for
Chinese household the equity allocation
is still too low around 10% only
compared with like DM EM other EM
countries it's around 20 some high could
be 50%.
>> So that's a huge potential for small
caps we do see more retail
participation. So there could be fund
coming from there. the the it really
begs. So I think this time last year we
were talking about this mountain of
builtup savings that we were looking at.
Oh, that's going to go somewhere at some
point, right? That's the that's the
that's the powder keg that goes into the
equity market.
>> The other part of the equity market
that's
>> if you look at big numbers is the IPO
market. And I'm wondering where's all
that money coming from, right? So how
much do you think they're going to raise
this year in the IPO market? And who's
who's going to fund that? Because
everything else is being funded
somewhere else by somewhere else.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Uh for this year we focus a
hundred billion US dollar for both A and
H shares. It's actually it's not a huge
number. It's 0.5% of the total market
cap.
>> Well, if you compare to market cap, it's
not. Yes. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Uh but in terms of this ratio is
the 5year average.
>> Okay.
>> Why we feel is large? Because over the
past three years the number was too low.
So it's kind of a recovery from a very
depressed level. And that's also gives
us the potential for new capital to
participate because over the past three
years
>> we saw a lot of global only money have
more out of China market.
>> So a lot of them have very low
allocation in China but they are looking
for diversification opportunities giving
the US market the valuation is already
high. They have huge allocation in the
US market. So a lot of them are looking
for new markets to diversify their
portfolio and the new IPOs especially AI
related ones in China definitely give
them more opportunities. So we did see
some money coming back in 2025.
Uh if we look at all the IPOs um like
one was subscribed by the foreign
cornerstone investors another 17% was
subscribed by domestic cornerstone
investors. So a lot of long-term
investors are willing to participate in
a recent IPO including like some high
net worth individuals they are familiar
with the industry they do not mind
participate in the IPO to hold for long.
>> Um people talk about the macro right
that that seems to be still what's
missing
>> in this rally. What assumptions are you
making in terms of
>> what stimulus could come this year and
is that is that going to be important at
all?
>> Uh we focus 4 4.8% 8% real GDP growth uh
which will be mainly supported by strong
exports but besides that we are also
expecting the inflation to turn
especially PPI to turn positive in the
second half.
>> So in 2026 compared with 2025 we do
think naturally the the economy could
recover a little bit with inflation
improvement. On the other hand, we do
think the fiscal will be a little bit
more expansionary. Last year we focused
the augmented fiscal deficit to be 11%
of the GDP. This year we focus 12.2
slightly higher. So we do think the
government will continue do more policy
stimulus especially on consumption side.
It is important. So some sub subsidies
could continue be provided to like uh
consumer services for example travel uh
some leisure activities at the same time
to household with second child for
example. So we do think it will have
some boost but we are not expecting a
dramatic change there. The high growth
potential may still come from AI related
part but for consumption we do expect
some gradual recovery from the bottom.
>> No earnings no gains. What's the
earnings projection this year?
>> We focus 14% earnings growth for MSEI
China for both this year and next year
because of the AI driver going global
trend as well as anti-evolution
policies. So all these three drivers
will contribute 6%.
>> Okay, Zu our China portfolio strategist
at Goldman Sachs joining us there as
well. Uh yeah, 100 for MSEI China. If
you're a subscriber and want to rewatch
that interview, you can watch it through
our TV function TV go. But you can also
become part of the conversation by
[music] sending us instant messages. If
you have questions for Sufu or other
guests throughout the morning, let us
know. Check it out at tvgo.
[music]
>> [music]
>> We're just talking about eight IPOs in
Hong Kong. Certainly Goldman's call and
what could happen this year. They think
it's going to be a steady pipeline
[music] and that was the same with Hong
Kong exchanges CEO Bonnie Chan saying
the year has started strongly with IPOs
raising about $4 billion in the first
three weeks. Speaking to us at Davos,
Bonnie Chan also told us investor demand
for diversification amid tariff
uncertainties has benefited China and
also the rest of the region.
>> Looking into 2026, early days um but let
me give you a report. So year to date,
we've actually completed already 11 IPOs
and we're in the third week of the new
year. Uh raising a total of$4 billion
US. Uh the pipeline is solid. What is
solid? 400
>> uh well uh 350 plus. Yeah, we do have
confidential filings for certain
categories of listing applicants. So um
the public filings that you see um it
does not show you the full number but it
is a very um big pipeline uh with very
high quality companies. So a lot of
positive things to look forward to.
>> Mega IPOs. I think you had four out of
the top 10 last year. Are you looking at
more mega IPOs this year? And might
there be more non-Asian companies
wanting to list on the Hong Kong
exchange?
>> Right. Um yes. So last year we did four
out of 10 the 10 biggest IPOs in the
world. Uh so that was very good. Um this
year looking in the pipeline we
certainly have a lot of deals which are
uh above $1 billion in terms of offering
size. Um but I feel that this is not
just unique to Hong Kong uh for a
change. Um I'm looking at the other um
markets and it seems like there's a big
uh comeback you know for fundraising
through IPOs and so I think this will be
a busy year for everyone.
>> So you can do better than four in terms
of mega IPOs.
>> Uh well I can do a lot more. Uh whether
or not they're top 10 I think will
depend on what the other markets are
going to uh uh turn out.
>> There seems to be a sell America theme.
Is that benefiting Hong Kong in any way
in the IPO space in terms of money
flowing from the US to Asia,
particularly in Hong Kong?
>> Yeah. Um well, this is my third day at
Davos. Um and I would say that the one
word that constantly come up in all the
dialogue, it's the word diversification.
So I think you know I mean you reported
it a lot. Um the last few years we did
see maybe global capital gravitating
towards the US um and concentrated
really in a few stocks but given all the
volatility, uncertainty,
unpredictability,
investors generally just want to seek
more uh ways to diversify.
uh and I guess once sort of that mind
shift uh mindset shift happens um you
know they started looking around and
then they realize well actually you know
what Asia, China a lot to offer and and
that's why I do feel that um you know
this this trend or this desire to
diversify is playing to our advantage.
Now to your question about whether or
not we will be able to attract um sort
of a more diverse set of issuers uh you
know besides just mainland Chinese
mainland companies. The answer is
certainly yes. Um we see a lot of you
know pretty uh solid um um green shoots
already uh emerging in 2025. So um we
have listed companies for example last
year from Thailand, from Indonesia, from
Kazakhstan. We even had a company uh
whose which business is basically in
Africa, right? And I'm going to I I feel
I do feel that we're going to see a lot
more.
That was the CEO of the exchange of
corresponding chan with haz at uh this
big get together uh somewhere in
Switzerland very cold u right uh so
sorry can get an insiders guide to the
money and people shaking up the finance
hub our newsletter is out for the week
it's out today and I believe part of the
newsletter was actually our chats with
Paul Chan also it has [music] yesterday
so look at look out for that that should
be out anytime
this morning scan the QR code whip your
phones out take the selfie and take that
and And it's free. So feel free to
subscribe. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. [music] The CEO of private equity
from Fountain Invest Partners Asia says
he is confident in the resilience of
Chinese companies and consumers. uh
speaking to us, Davos Frank Tang also
told us China has become an attractive
investment destination that's been
driven by innovation.
>> I feel a lot more positive uh in uh the
last 12 months than I felt uh say 3
years ago. I I think overall the Chinese
companies have gone through so many uh
stress testing in the last five six
years and uh the companies that we're
working to now are definitely strong,
resilient and uh have adapted them
themselves.
>> We talk about slowing growth, we talk
about geopolitical tensions escalating.
Are some of those I guess factors likely
to impact sentiment? Um I think every
year there's never a dull moment.
There's always uh some news. Uh we are
still talking about trade war,
geopolitics as we talk about it during
co after co um but um I think uh right
now uh everybody felt um uh life needs
to go on. Every company just need to
focus on what they can control. uh and
uh that includes not only growing uh you
know the R&D growing their innovation uh
uh understand uh the consumer market and
do it better there but also internal
efficiency as well. So we spend a lot of
time with our portfolio companies on
internal efficiency improvement. What
are you seeing in terms of global LP
appetite for you know China focused pees
is is that is that improving
>> uh gradually um I would say it also uh
so four five years ago there's a
question whether China is investable and
two three years ago lot of our LP
started come back to China to visit uh
to understand what's going on and uh I
think the mood is definitely uh improved
moving also. It depends on uh which
geographic region the LPS are coming
from and that may also affect how they
view about uh the uh you know the
potential of investing further in this
market.
>> But have you been surprised by I guess
the reversal in sentiment from
uninvestable to perhaps being quite
attractive?
uh I think the innovation that's been
happening uh in the last uh or has been
known to the world uh has been quite
impressive right and uh you know last
year during this time in Davos nobody
saw deep sea was coming
>> and uh we saw the whole life science
sector in China taking off and uh those
are just two examples um also I think
the Chinese consumption despite is not
growing as fast to contribute ute to the
GDP growth. It's still very resilient.
There's a vast market. So, we're very
bullish about the Chinese consumption,
for example, and we think there's just
going to be more potential.
>> Fountain Partners Asia chairman and CEO
Frank Tang, they're speaking to H in
Davos. And some of the world news this
morning, we are checking, of course,
Ontario Premier Doug Ford [music] and
automative industry leaders are urging
Canadians not to buy Chinese EVs.
[music]
The provincial leader says a trade deal
struck last week allowing China's entry
into the local market [music] puts jobs
at risk. The deal also lets Chinese
automakers assemble cars in Canada
[music]
and industry leaders say it could weaken
the North American supply chain. Turkish
competition authorities have reportedly
[music] raided Timu's office in Turkey.
Reuters cites a spokesperson for the
online retailer [music] which is owned
by PDD saying laptops and computers were
taken. Turkeykey's state-run news agency
quoted the government antirust authority
saying the [music] process should not be
seen as a direct transition to an
investigation. All right. Uh let's have
a look at markets right now. Early on
it's chips that are playing the game
that they did yesterday. We are coming
off highs uh on that. It's really though
when you look at specifically the
onshore names [music] uh I think we can
talk about that later in the CSI 300
really uh leading these gains. Uh apart
from that, I mean there's a lithium
story. It's going to take me more than a
few seconds to talk about that. So why
don't we just sort of display uh some of
these names and you know we have another
hour to talk about this. So that plus
plenty more including a deeper dive into
FX coming through next. This is Mumbai.
[music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. We are losing a bit of
momentum, particularly when it comes to
some of the tech names in the last few
minutes as well. perhaps Hong Kong just
being overshadowed by what you're seeing
in Korea right now where we hit that
political milestone 5,000 for the Cosby
as well really kind of driven by of
course this whole AI chip hardware theme
so that continues to be uh an up arrow
story here given that you know the
temperature around Greenland seems to
have come down substantially in Davos
David
>> yeah uh yeah around the conversations
it's probably still very very cold which
is actually very part of the
conversation right if so we were we were
chatting Ivon and myself and Mark
Cranfield off air just before we came
on. Right. The if you told someone 24
months ago that things are going well
because there's no war in Greenland,
that sounds like a proper joke, right?
It this is the world we live in right
now where it is really had been a driver
of markets uh markets today. And it's
it's really given I think this this flip
the page the markets an opportunity to
focus on other drivers that were leading
this rally um away from geopolitics,
right? So whether that's Disco and the
earnings there or the open AI story and
the valuation there and hence looking at
2% gains on the naked all through down
to the TX index to Ivon's point right HS
tech is underperforming today Cosby is
5,000 in fact you know another number
for the Cosby 3 trillion that's now it
the Korean stock market cap has crossed
that milestone
uh this this week in fact so it's very
close now to topping Germany and
surpassing Germany in terms of market
cap uh on the hardware side of things
might not be a Hong Kong story. It is
still a story that's rallying and these
names we see on the screens here, of
course, continuing to rally 7% on uh
Lungan Technology. Uh we were talking
about this with Goldman Sachs, right?
These are the the new favorites.
>> The new favorites. They're still
overweight and eight shares, but
certainly they've leaned overweight when
it comes to the IT and hardware space.
That's the the latest sort of uh
reallocation that they've had really
around the tech theme. Let's get the
latest now on the market action with
Mark Cranfield from our M live team. He
joins us from Singapore. So, it seems
like risk assets are a go here. The
geopolitical tensions have, you know,
eased a bit uh in Davos from what we
heard from President Trump. What what's
standing out to you in this in this
market rally now, Mark?
>> Well, the the timing is is very good.
So, you have a bit of a dial back on the
tension around Greenland. Everyone feels
happy about that. There's obviously
relief and we could see that first thing
this morning as markets opened in Asia
with the with the S&P futures and NASDAQ
futures. And then at the same time, we
get this report that Open AAI is seeking
out funding from the Middle East
potentially $50 billion which could get
it give it a company valuation around
about the 800 billion mark. Now
everybody knows is is what the worst
kept secret in the world is that they
would like to go to an IPO at some
stage. Sooner the better. Maybe they're
going to be the first American company
to have a trillion dollar IPO. It's
certainly heading that way. Anyway, the
the impact from that is it helps the
already
amount of euphoria that we have around
the whole AI theme. So here we are big
story. Open AI has shown before that as
their valuation goes up it creates more
of a good mood across the whole tech
space in America and obviously in Asia
as well is in as a side effect it's
helping the Cosby because anybody who
has an AI related valuation is going to
benefit if open AI goes even higher. So
the whole thing is is feeding on itself.
It's giving another bit of fresh legs to
the the whole mood around tech and AI
and all the the things just before the
earning season as well. Very good timing
from that point of view. We got the big
companies coming up in the next couple
of weeks and then eventually Nvidia. So
everything at the moment is looking
pretty good. If you are if you like tech
at the beginning of the year, you're
going to like it even more now that you
hear where people are prepared to put
valuations on these big companies.
Mark, uh, just a question on the JGB
market. I'm not watching that today. Can
I afford not to watch that today? Uh,
just I we need a break from the JGB
market.
>> Yeah, [snorts] you you you can take a
one-day holiday, but tomorrow is the
Bank of Japan decision. So, I reckon you
probably should put your eyes back on
the screen tomorrow to see what's
happening there. We I mean of course the
decision itself uh people expect no
change from the Bank of Japan but
whichever way you look at it the the
long end of the Japanese market what
they call the super long market 20 years
and longer is really become
dysfunctional. The the differential in
yields between different parts of the
JGB curve is more extreme than anywhere
across the G10 market. So in the case of
say the UK market or treasuries or
Germany, if there was a 20 basis points
differential between on the run and off
ther run bonds, that would be pretty
wide. At times recently in the JGB
market, it has been 200 basis points
difference between the benchmark bonds
and the old bonds. That's really
something you would expect in emerging
markets, not in a G10 market and
especially one as big as Japan. So
clearly something is going wrong in the
whole functioning of the Japanese bond
market and it it's the job of the
central bank ultimately is their
responsibility to bring order to to a
bond market.
If we're going to get a surprise out of
the Bank of Japan meeting tomorrow, it
could be during the press conference
that Governor UEA will hint that the
Bank of Japan has to increase its
holdings of JGBs in the long. It's been
cutting them for a long time and he has
a plan to continue to reduce its buying
of Japanese bonds. It could be now the
market is so disorderly the Bank of
Japan has to come back and stabilize it.
Mark, thank you. Fantastic. Mark
Cranfield in Singapore for us. Our M
live strategist there. And what a watch
uh going into the BOJ decision of course
uh tomorrow. Uh right, just a glance at
FX markets, right? So we have two story,
well three, there's the yen uh and the
JGB market. Number two is this
outperformance in the Aussie today.
There we go. It's quite clear half of 1%
fantastic jobs report. There's this
overlay of this parallel rally in the
commodity market that's taking place. Uh
so 68 cents on the Aussie and of course
on the Chinese currency separately it's
despite the dollar weakness that we've
seen and leaning into the weak strength
of the currency the fix was still uh on
the weaker side of seven and that spread
between 700 and 19 and 69618 which is
the onure spot that is at about the
widest since 2023 but yes we can get to
all of that in a moment in fact why
don't we do it right now with translate
FX and rate strategist at LGT private
ranking Asia Pacific with us here on
set. Good morning.
>> Morning.
>> I saw you nodding while we were talking
with Mark Cranfield there along the
Japanese currency in the JGB market.
What are what are your thoughts and
implications on the yen here?
>> Yeah, I mean the JGB market is really
severely dislocated. I mean liquidity
has evaporated. Um so you know small
move in flow can make you know a sharp
disproportional uh change in prices. So
I I wouldn't read too much into the
pullback in yield uh in yield yesterday.
Um I think all depends on BOJ tomorrow.
Um if I mean the market is going into
this hoping that they will at least say
something. Uh the market is at a point
where some form of policy intervention
may be needed. But you know if we walk
away tomorrow and the BOJ doesn't
announce anything new on in terms of
what they can do for the JGB market um
then I I I would expect um you know the
pressure to resume. Um from the FX side
though um I think shortterm our view on
dollar yen has changed. Um we think
dollar yen stay elevated. Uh and so 155
to 160 is likely to be the range in the
short term. Um however I just don't
think the FX market is a good way to
express fiscal risk all about JGB for
now. Uh in the FX market upside is very
kept by risk of you know FX
intervention. Um and the past patterns
we have seen is that even though
intervention has you know significant
but shortlived impact it has been
followed with BOJ hike in the past. Um
so I do expect you know from the BOJ I'm
not too sure that on the JGB measure but
from the tone of monetary policy the BOJ
will sound hawkish. Uh but again you
know would the governor would go as far
as signaling an imminent rate hike that
we'll have to wait and see. I think city
came out with a line saying we need at
least three hikes or at least
telegraphed hikes from the BOJ for
dollar yen to meaningfully reverse. I
mean what are your projections on on how
hawkish they can be this year? Um I
think the market is still underpricing
the terminal rate um in Japan and it's
possible we need to look at the highest
one or even you know 2% in terms of
terminal rate. If you know fiscal
expansion continues, if dollar yen stay
elevated um surely that would be the
directions of you know the BOJ rate. Um
I mean I I I would say though that um
you know when we look at uh dollar yen
impact right uh for me a turning point a
substained turning point to stronger yen
perhaps it's not only the boj now we
also need the domestic sector to look
more inwards so more rotations back you
know from flow you know from investment
outward to investment back into um you
know local market and we see a bit of
discussions on whether the GPIF would
increase you know domestic allocation Um
I mean Japanese banks are still you know
holding very little JGB for now and they
could start buying more. Um level of
yields are certainly getting you know um
attractive. So from a return perspective
there's a case for it but you know
volatility is still too high. So uh what
we need is some forms of you know
clarity in terms of fiscal policy. How
this you know tax cuts on um you know
fruit items can be funded and uh
eventually some form of interventions
from the MOF and the BOJ into the bond
market as well to calm sentiment. A lot
of people are also talking about
speaking of a weak currency where
interventions suddenly become a topic of
conversation. It's the South Korean
>> currency, right? So, we're puzzled why
why is that currency so weak when the
market is equity market is doing so
strongly and how are you viewing all the
dynamics at work there? Uh on the Korean
one,
>> it feels like the Korea equity discount
has moved to the FX market instead
[laughter]
in in a way. In a way, um I wouldn't say
it's a discount u for the FX market
right now. is more like a dollar premium
that is still being priced. Um but I
mean from a dollar Korea perspective I
would say current level is attractive to
me to look at dollar Korea downside 12
months down we look for 1,400. Okay. Um
and we say that because we think the
measures that have come out from the
Korean authority are much more concrete
than what we have heard from you know
Japan side of things. Um so for example
if you look at um you know potential um
change in uh hedging by NPS that could
bring in inflows of somewhere between 20
to 50 billion dollar we still have this
um WGBI bond index inclusion another
potential 50 billion although we can
discuss how much of that would be FX
hedge um and then you have other
measures as well when it comes to
government tax exemption um on you know
restoring investment account and delay
in terms of you know um investment bled
into the US. I think what is somewhat
underappreciated is you know the terms
of trade boost to Korea from this you
know rally in semiconductor in inmemory
prices. Uh right now in in February in
January and February the this the
current cow is seasonally weak and
domestic outflow is seasonally strong.
So that combination is bad for FX but
once we move away from that that that
would be better. Yeah, we we were
talking about what you're seeing across
Asia FX is quite there's quite a bit of
dispersion, right? Right. When you have
the likes of Korea, yeah,
>> the weakness that we've seen, you have
rupia, the rupee at record lows. On the
flip side of that, I mean, yen also is
in that pack. On the other side, you
have a very strong remners
across Asia FX here right now. And can
that continue? Mhm. Um I think it can
because we are pricing in a bit of
degree of domestic policy risk. So for
the case of yen obviously I think you
know fiscal uncertainty extend even
beyond the election.
>> Um and and in the case of you know India
is a a repricing or a regime shift in
terms of you know uh central bank
intervention um stance right. before we
get used to RBI severely suppressing
volatility but you know we understand
last year 2025 was a year reckoning for
a FX trader in INR they're not there
anymore in terms of wall suppression
>> um so that that I think can continue
>> uh you said your biggest conviction I
want to get your is Aussie and gold
>> um let's start with gold I mean
>> it seems like any sort of geopolitics
once things sort of calm down
>> gold does retreat but you're saying
there's still kind of a structural shift
and strength Yeah.
>> In bullion right now.
>> What's driving that structural shift?
You think
>> we're very bullish on gold. So we have a
5,000 forecast for this year is closing
into our levels. Any pullback in gold if
you know as you said geopolitical
tensions ease, you know, Greenland
temperature goes down. Um it's
opportunity to to buy gold. Um and we're
structurally bullish because central
banks continue to be very supportive for
that market. Um and and so let me give
you a bit of context. So our forecast
implies about 10 to 15% upside in gold
and and we arrive at that number looking
at demand from central banks and ETF.
For central bank we assume basically the
same pace of purchase as last year about
800 to 900 tents. Okay.
>> Uh for ETF buyer we assume only 200. In
the first three quarter of 2025 they
bought 600 t. So our assumption is quite
conservative and that already in our
model already get us to 5,000. So any
additional buying by ETF buyers because
of geopolitics because of the need to
diversification uh diversify away from
the dollar that will support upside in
gold
>> scarcity of unrelated uncorrelated
assets.
>> I have a follow up there. What does that
have to do with the Aussie dollar?
>> It's it's slightly well it it's the same
theme but slightly separate. Um the same
theme in the sense that we still see a
strong demand to diversify away from the
dollar uh despite the fact that
geopolitical risk has come down a bit
you know overnight but Tuesday you know
that triple Dow day when you have US
treasury um you know US equities and
dollar coming down at the same time is
still served to me as a warning sign for
dollar bulls um and you know when you
look at um Aussie dollar it's a it's a
year where the high carry status for
Aussie is finally restored Okay.
>> And I think that has important
implication not only for investment but
also for FX hedging decision because for
you know the Australia super funds
hedging all the upside is now zero cost
in the forward market and if you're
looking at the breakdown of you know
dollar correlations you know hedging is
is a much stronger proposition
>> that's great thank you so much FX and
race specialist at LGT private banking
for APAC. Still ahead on the China show,
the parent of PDD and Teimu get a modest
fine for failing to file tax documents
[music]
on time. We're talk about Ping Dod
remain the subject of a wider government
investigation. [music]
More on that coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Some corporate news this morning.
China's JUPU is limiting access to its
coding assistant after strong demand for
a new AI model siphoned off computing
resources. [music]
The company, also known as ZAI, says
from Friday it will start taking only
20% [music] of its current daily news
subscriptions. The Beijing based
developer had a high-profile IPO in Hong
Kong this month [music] and is among a
group of Chinese contenders squaring off
with anthropic and open AI. Chinese
authorities have fined PDD Holdings
$14,000 [music]
for failing to file essential tax
documents on time. The modest penalty
comes with the company [music] still the
target of a wider investigation into its
business and tax practices. In December,
[music] its employees exchange blows
with regulators looking into alleged
misconduct, including fraudulent
deliveries.
>> Well, speaking of, let's talk about the
other story we've been tracking. So,
Bloomberg Intelligence sees PDD, that
fine, uh, that was levied. I think the
news came dropped yesterday signals a
need for tighter controls, not not an
overhaul. Katherine Lim joins us from
Singapore, a senior analyst there.
Katherine, yeah, why do you see it more
as a more about governance and
discipline than a sort of an escalation
as far as the regulatory regime is
concerned,
>> right? Firstly, let's take a look at the
numbers. It's 0.02% 02% of the company's
revenue versus if we take a step back um
you know back in the 2020 to 2022 when
we had like you know major structural
reformatory penalties for 10 cents um
Alibaba mtoan that was 3 to 4%. So
really the numbers tells it all that you
know um what PDD has done really it's a
procedural um you know uh slippage that
has happened and they need to tighten
controls of it. Um it's not really to
say that they need to majorly overhaul
their business.
>> Okay. Um how do you think investors
should interpret this then?
>> Right. Again really um a few things that
has materialized over the last um couple
of months as we continue to see the
government issues the framework for
tighter um you know rules how operations
should be managed. I think the key
difference that has come through is that
you know they are tightening the
specific rules and guidelines to how
platforms should be operating in the
environment whereby the Chinese
consumers are now very reliant on these
platforms for their day-to-day um you
know um needs as well as services. So do
you know again um I would say that
continue to actually see um more of
these um whether it's um you know
scrutiny by the government on the
platforms and I don't think that PDD
will be the only one. The key message
for a lot of these platforms really is
that they need to step up their
government. uh they need to be compliant
um to rules that's out there and I do
think that you know most of the
platforms that we talk about um you know
whether it's Alibaba, Mtoan um and even
PDD as they put in a new CFO um made
some leadership changes I think you know
they are in the right direction.
>> All right Katherine, thank you Katherine
Lind there are Bloomberg Intelligence
senior analyst. Speaking of the right
direction, we're watching stocks of New
World this morning. And Bloomberg has
been told that the firm is racing to
offload at least one asset by the end of
June to meet its self-imposed $3.5
billion sales target and generate
positive cash flow. Let's bring in our
Asia credit reporter Trista Shining Law.
She's here with us right now. Um, what
do we know at this point of of what
assets they could sell? Yeah. So they
have some potential candidate here and
as we reported earlier about uh you know
the trans family have the high-profile
rose hotel group that could be one and
also the K1 art mall and we have to
mention the 11 skies which is a massive
shopping mall project and new world has
invested over 20 billion Hong Kong
dollar in that project. But so far all
the you know discussion progress has
been slow. So we need to we see more
about how they going to uh you know
fasttrack those transaction but the
company did tell some investor that they
aim to uh dispose uh one of the major
assets by you know by end of June. Are
we past peak pessimism around new world?
I will say so as you as we can see from
the bond price and the uh equity price
recently we have seen you know strong
rally uh in the new year and for the
bond rally add to the strong gain found
over the last year and some of his bond
actually traded you know above uh 75
cents on the dollar which is we're
saying that it's out of the distress
territory and for the stock it rised um
I think 40% last year and it has risen
you know another 25% this year So from
this you know stock move and we can see
uh there are growing investor confidence
on this company and but you know there
have be still a lot of question along um
about long term how they going to
structure you know its financial and how
to develop its business but I think in
near term definitely investor are less
concerned about this name. Okay, Trista,
fantastic. Thank you so much. The latest
there on uh New World and the timeline
given by the company, well, not given by
the company, it's its own timeline, our
understanding of when it wants to
dispose of that. And yeah, the analysts
are also chiming in.
>> Yeah, I think JB War had that line this
week about, you know, they're thinking
even when it comes to new world upgraded
to neutral from underway and they're
saying maybe the the worst is behind us,
right? The biggest investor fears have
largely materialized here right now and
the upcoming results may actually start
to see marginal improvement. The same
goes for of course the rest of the
property space according to Carl Chan
and his team that perhaps you have seen
the bottom for some of these developers
here and really you're going to see that
in this earning season this so far
>> um our estimates for earnings based on
previous releases is early March about
March too just maybe around that time
watch it very closely
>> and they're focusing on specific names
right CK asset sino link reit um those
are the ones to the ones to watch but
the new world thing I think is quite um
interesting as well that change uh in
the rating overall. Um, so that's one
thing to watch. We have more coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Pantoro Gold, [laughter]
one of the names we're tracking today.
Well, here's the thing, right? So,
before this gold rally got started, you
know, you were juggling just the usual
names and everything else that's come
in. ETF buying, central bank buying,
retail buying specifically the actual
stuff, jewelry, silver has really
broadened the investment universe, but
as you can see just a very [music] a
cross-section of some of the gold plays
declining today given the declines we've
seen in gold prices today at least.
>> Yeah, the geopolitics [music] are
looking a little bit better. So
certainly that is seeing the safe haven
plays come off here today here. Uh
watching [music] CSSC Hong Kong shipping
as well bond issuance plan their shares
are down some 7%. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
I think that what happened in Japan is a
very important message to the House and
to the Senate. You need to get our
fiscal [music] house in order.
>> All right. get your fiscal house in
order. That's a message from Ken Griffin
[music] there from Citadel speaking in
Davos here about the week that we had
when it comes to Japanese JGBs, right?
And yeah, today we can rest a bit easier
today and given the volatility has
subsided, but then again, what's
tomorrow Dave?
>> Oh no, it's day Japan. Yeah.
>> So, we'll see how hawkish, you know, is
going to be at the presser and the like.
They're they're largely going to not do
anything. But really, it's all about the
messaging, right? just given the
volatility that we've seen in JGBS,
given the weakness we continue to see in
dollar yen, we're at 158 levels here
this morning, but equity markets are
still cheering.
>> We're doing okay. Like Disco is a very
good example. Soft Bank, in fact, the
headline just crossing right now up as
much as 10% the most in about 6 weeks uh
or so uh going into the close, right?
And you know, the BOG probably will I
don't know if they're going to chime in
on it, right? But a big part of why
yields are backing up and the underlying
demand isn't there is because they were
the biggest buyer of this market up
until recently. and they stepped back
and people were questioning if they step
back who is going to be the you know the
backer of the JGB market which I think
they've up until recently right they've
not really monopolized but they've
dominated the trade I think we had a
story years back uh there was one day
where not a single trade actually took
place I forget which tener it was but
that just goes to show really how times
have changed but yes here we are with
higher yields
>> yeah I think just had a said it very
eloquently from LGT just now right if
you're going to express all these
concerns about fiscal you know irrespon
or sustainability or whatever it's going
to be in the bond market. Um not in the
currency market not so much in the
currency market. So that's a good way to
differentiate it at least for now and
the equity market still seems to be
firing up here this morning. Um but yeah
from when you talk about Japan really it
it has sparked a lot of questions
globally and what to do with with bonds
overall and and really that safe haven
sort of status seems to be kind of
>> I don't know
>> eroding
>> eroding continually. Yeah. And they
people still say I mean as Ken Griffin
mentioned right does this spell trouble
for US treasuries too?
>> Yeah it's hard to imagine a world where
it's just the JGB market and [laughter]
and nothing else especially with the
dislocation we had on Tuesday where
because that happened treasuries and the
equity market ran alongside and just on
that note that Ivonne was just pointing
out right you have the world's biggest
government bond markets whether it's US
or Japan or US2 Japan are now suddenly
prone to these sudden meltdowns. Shulie
Ren our Bloomberg opinion columnist is
here with us to discuss this. Exactly.
And these longtime investors surely in
Japan are heading for the exit. But new
buyers, what about them? Where are they
coming from? Are there new buyers in
this market?
>> Well, there are some new buyers and it
turned out they they are foreigners who
have very strong views about how Japan's
fiscal uh health should be looking like.
So what we are seeing especially in the
ultra long market and the Bloomber
terminal has data on that the the
monthly data. What we are seeing is like
domestic insurers they have been selling
because they no longer need to go to the
ultra long end to to to earn yield to
feed their uh policy makers right like
so they're going to the more liquid 20
year uh so domestic players selling but
the foreigners have been buying because
the yield has come up so what happened
Tuesday is that uh uh when when the the
sell off started some basically
liquidated some of their treasury use to
buy Japanese uh government bonds to buy
on dip, right? That spilled over to from
uh from Tokyo all the way to New York.
And then also there there is the the
whole idea about risk parody trades.
Once you see volatility of uh bonds uh
coming up uh some macro funds they have
to cut down the the the risk exposure
and they have to sell bonds everywhere
and also like with stocks right big tech
has a lot of liquidity. So if you want
to cover your losses, you want to sell
some big tech uh to to cover your
losses. So so uh the fact that the
foreigners are coming in to the Japanese
government bond market is going to
create more volatility ahead.
>> And we saw this week with with
Greenland, right? That people are
starting to view US treasuries as almost
being weaponized in this whole
geopolitical game, right? Are European
investors going to offload their US
treasuries, for example? On the flip
side, some say no, there is no
alternative to the US Treasury market.
So, do you think US treasuries are still
a buy?
>> Well, uh, it's being debated. Last year,
uh, Morgan Stanley came up with a, uh,
so-called a 60 2020 20 strategy.
Traditionally, we talk about 6040, 60%
stocks, 40% on bonds because bonds
provide a good cushion when stocks fall,
right? But 2022 turned out uh, to be a
very bad year for 6040 strategy. So
Morgan Stanley basically talked about
you know 60% stocks 20% bonds and 20% on
gold and what we are seeing was that
whenever there was this kind of
geopolitical tension where uh treasuries
are used being used as weapons right
like the gold price comes up so so there
is a lot of tension also uh the the
total returns for US treasuries have not
been good so if you're a foreign
government uh trying to uh like uh show
up your reserves. It's a good question
whether you want to hold treasuries,
>> right? Shulie, thank you Shulie Ren
there, our Bloomberg opinion columnist.
Um, interestingly, we heard from some of
these Japanese banks themselves. Uh, but
Mizuo, the banking giant remains
optimistic about Tokyo's fiscal stance
despite this week's worried signals from
the bond markets. Speaking us in Davos,
president and CEO Masahiro Kahara also
reacted to the finance minister telling
us the government's budget plan is not
expansionary.
The Japanese budget of uh fiscal fiscal
policy has been improving. Number one
mindset of the Japanese corporates has
been improving which means that you you
can expand the the budget right and so I
would say that and also many figures are
improving. So I would say Katama what
Katama has said is right
>> but she she constantly has to send a
message that you know they will be
diligent on this
>> the market's obviously not buying it
because yields are surging 30-year
yields higher than boon
>> might that be a contagion effect might
we feel the spillover
>> might be but I think this discussion has
to also come from what will be the
terminal rate at the end of the day
Right. And
>> what should be the terminal rate? What
is the term?
>> You want to talk about the terminal
rate? Okay. [laughter]
So I think what is happening right now
is that BOJ has changed their stance
moving into this year. I think so. So
previously I was thinking that the
terminal rate might be the lower end of
1%.
based on the fact that Wedasan is
sending out the market that the current
uh interest rate is extremely low and
also that he reiterates that he will
raise rates
uh as long as he sees development in the
uh economy inflation on the path. So I
would say at the minimum 1.5% terminal
rate I think we can see that uh it might
be a little bit more and then going back
to your uh JGB question uh historically
uh the the difference between 10ear JGB
terminal rate somewhere around 70 to 100
basis point. So if the market is already
pricing in 1.5 terminal rate, it's 2.2
right right now. JDP10, I think it's
fine.
>> Um my call
>> in terms of uh capital repatriation.
>> Yeah.
>> It's looking pretty attractive.
>> Enough for that repatriation to happen
in a significant way. You mean the so
what you
>> from the US back to Japan treasuries to
>> you mean uh those
dividend coming back to Japan or
something like that. [snorts]
>> I don't see a lot of that probably
that's not happening. Uh if that happens
a little bit uh I think that will uh the
yen might be uh you know go to the 155
or so but I don't see that much.
>> Let's talk about the yen. The weakness
continues. Yeah. Should the BOJ
intervene, raise rates perhaps three
times as some people have suggested to
give support?
>> I would say you are right. Uh so you
know if the terminal rate should be 1.5
there's another three times right
>> so I think they should do maybe they can
do one time 50 basis point.
>> I I I I won't I I [laughter] I can
expect that too. I think I kind of Yeah.
Do you see the first move of the three
being before June July?
>> I would say the next opportunity would
be April.
>> So he can see how the corporate CEOs
will react in reality in to wage
increase. And if he confirms that
there's a significant wage increase, I
think and I think he can confirm that in
somewhere around March, April, April can
be the case. And if the BOJ does move
then how much support what yen level do
you think we will see?
>> Yeah I would say somewhere the range
would be somewhere between 145 to 155.
>> Yeah the market is already pricing is
three times already probably that's
that's what I think. Yeah.
>> How are you assessing the outlook for
your business?
I think so.
Even last year we talked about this but
uh we are concentrating our business
into four areas and those areas are
doing fine. Those are mass retail in
Japan, asset management, wealth
management in Japan uh uh supporting the
growth of Japanese corporates and our
global CI business and we have seen a
lot of uh significant process in many
areas. Uh for example in the glo global
CIB business we purchased uh Green Hill
is fully integrated already. uh we
purchased a European firm called uh
Augusta and and we purchased a Indian
firm called Aventus and these firms will
be the catalyst for our uh global
collaboration around the regions and
this will be our next next uh growth
part and last year I said I think I said
that our target will be somewhere around
for fiscal year 29 or 27 uh after tax
profit 1.1 trillion roe 10%
and then PVR somewhere around 1.5.
>> I think we're very close to that
already. So, uh we're working on
revising that target fiscal year for
fiscal year 28 and our guts feeling is
that uh exclusive all the rate hikes
that can be expected uh after tax 1.4
1.5 range of 1.4 4 to 1.5 trillion roe
12% uh PBR maybe 1.75 to 22 so that
that's
>> pretty ambitious you have to be
ambitious [laughter]
>> let's talk about your European business
you did talk about how you know
restructuring is done now you're going
to be on the offensive what what does
that mean necessarily
>> yeah so
we have been concentrating on uh
optimizing our organizational structure
also our return
uh from from an organizational
perspective we moved into a you know
universal banking structure last we we
completed that last year so that part is
done and we reduce certain branches to
get more effectiveness on the return
side we reduced uh low return assets we
exited from certain relationship that
doesn't produce the right return for us
so I think it's about our time to go out
in the market chase for opportunities
and I think that the opportunities will
come from leverage on our US
capabilities
uh collaboration among the regions and
also Japanese nexus and and also uh
Middle East will be also very
interesting uh you know introducing
investment to that region or introducing
investment flows out of that region
>> would be very interesting.
Yeah, there we go. They covered
everything with Haz, that was the Mizuo
Financial Group president and CEO,
Masahiro Kihara Javas with us there. If
you are one of our Bloomberg clients and
you want to rewatch that specific
interview, you can uh turn to your TV
function, interactive TV function on
your terminal, that is TV go, you can
scroll a little bit back, takes you to
this. You can scroll even further to
takes you to all the other interviews
that we did there out of Java so far.
[music] This is Bloomberg.
[music]
It looks like we have the concept of a
deal. Gets everything we wanted,
including especially real national
security. Well, the deal is going to be
put out pretty soon. I mean, we'll see.
It's uh it's right now a little bit in
progress, but pretty far along. It gets
us everything we needed to get. It's the
ultimate long-term [music] deal, and I
think it it puts everybody in a really
good position, especially as it pertains
to security and minerals and everything
else.
We probably won't get anything unless I
decide to use excessive strength [music]
and force where we would be, frankly,
unstoppable.
But I won't do that.
Okay. Now everyone's saying, "Oh, good."
That's probably [music] the biggest
statement I made cuz people thought I
would use force. I don't have to use
force. I don't [music] want to use
force. I won't use force.
I want Greenland for security. I don't
want it for anything else. We have so
much rare earth. [music] We don't know
what to do with it. Uh we don't need it
for anything else. And [music] in terms
of Greenland, you know, you have to go
25 ft down through ice to get it. It's
not it's not something that a lot of
people are going to do or want to do.
No, this is security we're talking
about. You can say yes and we will be
very appreciative. Or you can say no and
we will remember.
A strong [music] and secure America
means a strong NATO.
Yep. A good highlight there
[clears throat] of really the best and
what we heard from the president there
in Davos and about Greenland and that
really is why we are seeing markets uh
you know rallying in a sense of relief
here this morning that they have avoided
at least tariffs uh with the EU.
Meanwhile, US National Economic Council
Director Kevin Hassid says President
Trump's tariffs have been positively
disruptive. Speaking to Bloomberg,
Hasset also said he does not believe
those levies are pushing US allies
closer to China.
President Trump is disrupting uh an
order that needs to be disrupted and I
think that markets are celebrating
because of that.
>> Do you think that tariff uncertainty
though we got a whiff of liberation day
this week because of what was going on
with Greenland. Do you think we are past
the most peak moment of tariff
uncertainty for financial markets for
consumers and for other countries?
>> Well, I think that the tariffs have
surprised a lot of mainstream
economists. I used to be one of those
guys at least on the tariff front where
I like I've been surprised. Uh
especially
>> now you're a true believer.
>> It's just astonishing that everything
that's in the models that we were taught
when I was in grad school just turned
out not to not to be true. And I we have
a I think a strong understanding
economically of why that is. It's
basically that uh if we have a trade
deficit with China forever and ever,
then by definition they're basically
dumping into the US with inelastic
supply. And so if we put a tariff on
them, then they bear the tariff. And the
same thing is true for Europe. If we
have a big trade deficit with them for a
long time, then they basically cut their
prices in order to maintain market share
in the US. And I think the the question
is the interesting question that I've
been puzzling over and talking to some
of my mainstream economist friends is
why is this so positively disruptive?
Has President Trump's agenda so been so
positively disruptive for Europe? And I
think that one of the things is that
he's made them lift their game uh in
terms of restoring the global uh order
by increasing defense spending, but also
remember it used to be that we were
always talking about zombie uh companies
in Europe. We've got to stop doing that,
haven't we? And I kind of wonder if the
competition that's created by the tariff
and the tariff uncertainty hasn't been a
real shot in the arm for the European
economy.
>> We've heard a lot of people in Bloomberg
talk about that. Actually, what Trump is
pushing Europe to do is to do what's
good for them. But are you concerned
about any of these unintended
consequences? We saw Spain go over and
have a very cozy relationship with China
last year. Prime Minister Mark Carney
just went over to China. Then he came
here to Davos and talked about how the
world order that we know is dead. And if
you are middle country and you're at the
table, you're going to get eaten.
>> Is there potentially [music] this
consequence where we push our allies
closer to China, which is the US's
biggest adversary?
>> No, I don't think that's happening at
all. And I think that what is happening
is that people are learning. Indeed, the
people here at Davos, that's one reason
why we're here uh to spread the news, is
that we've got all this analysis that
says that Trump's plan is working. It's
working both for the US economy and for
the global economy. And I think that
people in the end, you know, they look
at their wallets, they see how it's
going, and in the United States, they're
going to see a couple quarters of 5%
growth and and booming markets, booming
wages. And if they see that everywhere
else, then I think that it'll have a big
political effect. I think the people who
uh make the most noise attacking
President Trump aren't necessarily
speaking for their countries. They're
speaking for their very very liberal
policies. You've seen President Trump
call some of them out the last few days.
>> Yeah, there we go. That was Kevin Hasset
with our Anmarie uh at Davos and of in
fact some of our Bloomberg clients. Of
course, you can check out more on
updates coming through out of our
coverage there on the terminal and some
of the takeaways at the end of the day,
but you can follow all the action and
developments throughout
uh the coming day or so. Check it out.
See you go. This is Bloomberg.
Well, BHP CEO Mike Henry has praised the
Trump administration for its support of
the mining industry. Speaking
exclusively to us in Davos, Henry said
the resolution copper project in Arizona
could meet 25% of US demand.
I can't speak highly enough of the
support that we've seen from the
administration. So the administration be
it uh Secretary Bergam, Secretary
Wright, uh President Trump have been
very keen to get more mining and
processing going in the US because they
understand the importance of critical
mineral supply chain resilience and of
course it would be it would support the
US economy and specifically the Arizona
economy as well. So we're all ready to
go. Uh but we have to let the you know
the the legal process take its uh take
its course.
>> How long has it taken? More than 10
years.
>> It's taken a long time.
>> Yeah. I mean I guess that can you just
quickly put a bow on that and say is it
going to be expedited in a serious way?
Could we see it in the next say year or
two?
>> It's very hard to predict. We were
almost there a few months ago but it's
been held up for a little bit longer. We
remain optimistic that that it will
ultimately be a project that that goes
ahead. It could supply 25% of the US's
copper demand for decades. So this is
this is a pretty significant project.
One of the best undeveloped copper
deposits globally. And from a BHP
perspective, it's but one of four major
copper growth projects in the portfolio.
You sound like the administration has
been really helping you and your
business. At the same time, there's
potentially more tariffs coming down the
pipeline when it comes to this
administration. How do you navigate that
environment?
>> So, look, it is a more volatile,
uncertain environment than it has been
in in in the past. But from a mining
sector perspective, you know, 5 years
ago, it would have been hard to get
airtime uh for mining companies
globally. There wasn't a lot of interest
in mining as a sector. If anything,
there was a lot of push back on mining
where I think there's been a a growing
awareness of just how important metals
and minerals are to the world. Continued
economic growth, economic wellbeing of
billions, energy transition and the
digital transformation. And so
broadbrush support now that we're seeing
certain strong support in the US, but
support in other countries as as well.
That's something we should all welcome.
But of course, there's going to be um
uncertainty that we need to navigate
along the way. The tariffs aren't
impacting BHP directly in any big way
because we only have about 3% of our
revenue in the US uh uh currently, but
it's something we do keep an eye on.
>> There we go. The BHP boss uh speaking
with our colleagues on Bloomer
surveillance uh and just really staying
on theme here in the mining space and
really one area of the market in China
specifically we're tracking within that
is the lithium market. If you've taken a
look, if you had a look, even a glance
at some of the wild swings that we've
seen this week does underscore why the I
think it was the exchange that had to
intervene. I think it's the six let me
sixth time in Guangjo since sixth time
since December 19. Uh given all the
price we we've seen there.
>> Yeah. So you know we basically saw a
limit up for the futures there earlier
this week as well. So, you know, this is
a market that's not immune to these, you
know, extreme swings, but certainly
there just is such a demand or at least
people are projecting a huge demand when
it comes to ballooning demand for
batteries, right? And really there's a
lot of anxiety over supply. So, we have
actually seen prices double since the
start of November here. So, the
regulators are trying to cool this down
a bit once again.
>> Yeah, it's and this is an interesting
conversation because just as recently as
two years ago, we were trading at much
higher on prices here. they've collapsed
and from that bottom have had this
acceleration to where we are that we'll
continue to track this very closely. The
other things we're going to uh is the IT
hardware rally. A very quick update on
that before we just wrap up the show 710
well 8% on some names. The benchmark
that was a quarter of 1% which is
similar to what we're seeing broadly
[music] speaking on benchmarks in China.
As you can see we're flat across most
the rest of the region including
European futures are doing well
actually. [music]
>> Yep. So it looks like, you know, there's
some relief when it comes to Greenland.
The Cosby still breaking above and
holding around that 5,000 psychological
level here as well. So Korea, Taiwan
[music] really outperforming here today.
That's it for us here in the China show.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]